---
layout: default
title: "Professionals: Robert"
slug: bio
path: ../

team-name: "Robert S. Reder" 
team-title: "Managing Partner"
team-slug: robert
linkedin: "http://www.linkedin.com/in/robertreder"

meta-title: "Robert S. Reder"

team-order: 1

---
<p>Robert was raised in New York City before becoming a permanent resident of Phoenix/Scottsdale in 2005.  After completing his Juris Doctorate at Suffolk University Law School in Boston, Massachusetts and Master of Laws at University College London in London, England, Robert practiced law for ten years in Arizona with two of the largest law firms in the country before forming Blythe Grace PLLC, a firm he named after his sisters.</p>

<p>Robert represents individuals, small businesses and large companies located in Arizona and nationwide. With respect to his litigation and dispute resolution practices, Robert has represented clients in cases ranging from small breach of contract actions to complex commercial disputes. With extensive trial experience, he frequently appears in Arizona's courts and regularly conducts arbitrations, mediations, and administrative hearings.</p>

<p>Robert also assists businesses with a variety of employment matters related to human resource management, creating and implementing policies, prevention and defense of discrimination and ADA lawsuits, EEOC charges, and investigations by the Arizona Attorney General's Office and the U.S. Department of Labor.</p>

<p>With his entrepreneurial spirit, Robert's practice also includes representing hundreds of individuals and small businesses.  Robert handles all aspects of corporate formation, contract preparation, employment law audits, business advisory work, and litigation prevention.</p>

<p>Robert is involved in numerous community activities including supporting the Girl Scouts and Desert Botanical Gardens and he works with the Volunteer Lawyer's Program on adoptions and guardianships for deserving families, earning awards for his work.</p>

<p>Living an active lifestyle, Robert regularly enjoys hiking, running, cycling, swimming, biking, snowboarding, and traveling. Robert also competes in triathlons and other athletic competitions.</p>

<h3>Practice Areas</h3>
<br>
<h4>Business and Civil Litigation</h4>
<ul class="bullets">
    <li>After a nine day jury trial, obtained a $1.2 million verdict for clients that included an award of compensatory, punitive, and racketeering damages, an award of attorneys' fees and costs, and the return of the clients' property in a complex dispute involving violations of Arizona and federal law.</li>
    <li>After dispositive motion briefing, oral argument, and mediation, obtained an over $2 million settlement for a real estate investment company in a legal malpractice action.</li>
    <li>Defended an insurance company against claims of defamation and intentional interference with a contract.  Prepared responsive pleading and dispositive motion resulting in dismissal and recovery of taxable costs.</li>
    <li>Obtained summary judgment and dismissals of tort, fraud, defamation, and breach of contract claims brought against Arizona businesses, and in mortgage fraud cases brought against a Fortune 500 bank.</li>
    <li>Defended client, a former employee of national supplier of electronic components, from allegations of unfair competition, misappropriation of confidential and proprietary information, and breach of an employment agreement that contained unlawful covenants not to compete.  Negotiated a favorable settlement that allowed the client to continue working for a direct competitor.  The company also agreed to limit the restrictive covenants contained in the agreement.</li>
    <li>Obtained summary judgment on tort and punitive damage claims in a sixteen-count lawsuit brought against a national moving company based in Arizona.</li>
    <li>Obtained dismissal of the majority of claims in an arbitration involving a technology license dispute between a large India-based company and a United States joint venture.  Joint venture recovered less than 1% of the amount claimed.</li>
</ul>

<h4>Employment Counseling and Litigation</h4>
<ul class="bullets">
    <li>Defended over thirty Arizona businesses against alleged violations of the ADA arising out of access issues at public facilities.  After brief discovery, negotiated favorable settlements or dismissals of the lawsuit.</li>
    <li>Defended satellite TV company in a § 1981 discrimination case.  Conducted an extensive investigation, prepared written discovery, and took depositions.  Prepared and filed a motion for summary judgment, which forced the plaintiffs to dismiss all claims against the company.</li>
    <li>Defended Title VII lawsuit involving sex discrimination and retaliation claims brought against one of the largest U.S. banks.  Prepared responsive pleading and written discovery, took and defended twelve depositions, conducted oral argument on discovery motions, and engaged in settlement negotiations resulting in a favorable settlement</li>
    <li>Obtained dismissals of EEOC discrimination charges brought against an Arizona human resource company.</li>
    <li>Drafted position statements before the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission related to Title VII and Americans with Disabilities Act discrimination charges resulting in no liability.</li>
</ul>

<h4>General Corporate Representation</h4>
<ul class="bullets">
    <li>Represented hundreds of Arizona entrepreneurs and small business, helping them form and grow their companies.</li>
    <li>Negotiated a long-term service contract between an Arizona financial service company and one of the largest U.S. banks worth over $15 million.</li>
    <li>Provide general representation to an Arizona financial services company, a global protect testing company, a supplier of custom engines and parts, Arizona physicians, and a student loan corporation.</li>
</ul>

<div class="list">

<h4>Bar Admissions</h4>
  <ul class="bullets">
    <li>Arizona (2005)</li>
    <li>Massachusetts (2004)</li>
    <li>U.S. District Court for the District of Arizona (2005)</li>
    <li>U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit (2006)</li>
    <li>U.S. Supreme Court (2013)</li>
</ul>
<h4>Professional Activities</h4>
  <ul class="bullets">
    <li>State Bar of Arizona (Trial Practice Section; Employment and Labor Law Section)</li>
    <li>Maricopa County Bar Association (Litigation Section; Employment Law Section Board Member)</li>
    <li>Massachusetts Bar Association</li>
</ul>
  </div>
  <div class="list">
<h4>Community Involvement</h4>
<ul class="bullets">
    <li>Girl Scouts Arizona Cactus Pine, Join the Journey Sponsor (2015 - Present)</li>
    <li>Volunteer Lawyer's Program, Volunteer Attorney (2006 - Present)</li>
    <li>Desert Botanical Gardens - Operations Support Committee (2016 - Present)</li>
    <li>Judge Pro Tempore, Maricopa County Superior Court (2013 - 2016)</li>
    <li>State Bar of Arizona, Bar Leadership Institute (2009 Program)</li>
</ul>
<h4>Recognitions</h4>
<ul class="bullets">
    <li>Southwest Superlawyers - Rising Stars (2014, 2015, 2016)</li>
    <li>Volunteer Lawyers Program – Attorney of the Month (December 2009)</li>
    <li>Arizona Foundation for Legal Service & Education – Top 50 Pro Bono Attorneys in Arizona Award (2009)</li>
    <li>Volunteer Lawyers Program – Adoption Attorney of the Year (2009)</li>
</ul>
  </div>
